2024-08-28 11:43:48 ERROR f.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbException - Exception occurred
java.lang.Exception: Processing file: src/main/resources/data/acteurs.csv
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbCsvParser.parseFiles(ImdbCsvParser.java:30)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.CsvFileRunner.run(CsvFileRunner.java:29)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunner$5(SpringApplication.java:790)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.acceptWithException(ThrowingConsumer.java:83)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:60)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:88)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:798)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:789)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunners$3(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.accept(ForEachOps.java:184)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.SortedOps$SizedRefSortingSink.end(SortedOps.java:357)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:510)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:499)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:151)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:174)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.forEach(ReferencePipeline.java:596)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunners(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:342)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1363)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1352)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.ImdbApplication.main(ImdbApplication.java:11)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DirectMethodHandleAccessor.invoke(DirectMethodHandleAccessor.java:103)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:580)
	at org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.RestartLauncher.run(RestartLauncher.java:50)
2024-08-28 11:43:48 ERROR f.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbException - Exception occurred
java.lang.Exception: Processing file: src/main/resources/data/castingPrincipal.csv
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbCsvParser.parseFiles(ImdbCsvParser.java:30)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.CsvFileRunner.run(CsvFileRunner.java:29)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunner$5(SpringApplication.java:790)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.acceptWithException(ThrowingConsumer.java:83)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:60)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:88)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:798)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:789)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunners$3(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.accept(ForEachOps.java:184)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.SortedOps$SizedRefSortingSink.end(SortedOps.java:357)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:510)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:499)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:151)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:174)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.forEach(ReferencePipeline.java:596)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunners(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:342)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1363)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1352)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.ImdbApplication.main(ImdbApplication.java:11)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DirectMethodHandleAccessor.invoke(DirectMethodHandleAccessor.java:103)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:580)
	at org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.RestartLauncher.run(RestartLauncher.java:50)
2024-08-28 11:43:48 ERROR f.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbException - Exception occurred
java.lang.Exception: Processing file: src/main/resources/data/films.csv
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbCsvParser.parseFiles(ImdbCsvParser.java:30)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.CsvFileRunner.run(CsvFileRunner.java:29)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunner$5(SpringApplication.java:790)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.acceptWithException(ThrowingConsumer.java:83)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:60)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:88)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:798)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:789)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunners$3(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.accept(ForEachOps.java:184)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.SortedOps$SizedRefSortingSink.end(SortedOps.java:357)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:510)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:499)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:151)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:174)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.forEach(ReferencePipeline.java:596)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunners(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:342)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1363)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1352)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.ImdbApplication.main(ImdbApplication.java:11)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DirectMethodHandleAccessor.invoke(DirectMethodHandleAccessor.java:103)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:580)
	at org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.RestartLauncher.run(RestartLauncher.java:50)
2024-08-28 11:43:48 ERROR f.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbException - Exception occurred
java.lang.Exception: Processing file: src/main/resources/data/pays.csv
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbCsvParser.parseFiles(ImdbCsvParser.java:30)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.CsvFileRunner.run(CsvFileRunner.java:29)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunner$5(SpringApplication.java:790)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.acceptWithException(ThrowingConsumer.java:83)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:60)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:88)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:798)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:789)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunners$3(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.accept(ForEachOps.java:184)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.SortedOps$SizedRefSortingSink.end(SortedOps.java:357)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:510)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:499)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:151)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:174)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.forEach(ReferencePipeline.java:596)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunners(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:342)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1363)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1352)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.ImdbApplication.main(ImdbApplication.java:11)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DirectMethodHandleAccessor.invoke(DirectMethodHandleAccessor.java:103)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:580)
	at org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.RestartLauncher.run(RestartLauncher.java:50)
2024-08-28 11:43:48 ERROR f.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbException - Exception occurred
java.lang.Exception: Processing file: src/main/resources/data/film_realisateurs.csv
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbCsvParser.parseFiles(ImdbCsvParser.java:30)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.CsvFileRunner.run(CsvFileRunner.java:29)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunner$5(SpringApplication.java:790)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.acceptWithException(ThrowingConsumer.java:83)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:60)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:88)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:798)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:789)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunners$3(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.accept(ForEachOps.java:184)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.SortedOps$SizedRefSortingSink.end(SortedOps.java:357)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:510)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:499)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:151)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:174)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.forEach(ReferencePipeline.java:596)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunners(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:342)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1363)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1352)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.ImdbApplication.main(ImdbApplication.java:11)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DirectMethodHandleAccessor.invoke(DirectMethodHandleAccessor.java:103)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:580)
	at org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.RestartLauncher.run(RestartLauncher.java:50)
2024-08-28 11:43:48 ERROR f.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbException - Exception occurred
java.lang.Exception: Processing file: src/main/resources/data/realisateurs.csv
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbCsvParser.parseFiles(ImdbCsvParser.java:30)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.CsvFileRunner.run(CsvFileRunner.java:29)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunner$5(SpringApplication.java:790)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.acceptWithException(ThrowingConsumer.java:83)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:60)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:88)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:798)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:789)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunners$3(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.accept(ForEachOps.java:184)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.SortedOps$SizedRefSortingSink.end(SortedOps.java:357)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:510)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:499)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:151)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:174)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.forEach(ReferencePipeline.java:596)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunners(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:342)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1363)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1352)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.ImdbApplication.main(ImdbApplication.java:11)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DirectMethodHandleAccessor.invoke(DirectMethodHandleAccessor.java:103)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:580)
	at org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.RestartLauncher.run(RestartLauncher.java:50)
2024-08-28 11:43:48 ERROR f.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbException - Exception occurred
java.lang.Exception: Processing file: src/main/resources/data/roles.csv
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbCsvParser.parseFiles(ImdbCsvParser.java:30)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.CsvFileRunner.run(CsvFileRunner.java:29)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunner$5(SpringApplication.java:790)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.acceptWithException(ThrowingConsumer.java:83)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:60)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:88)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:798)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:789)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunners$3(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.accept(ForEachOps.java:184)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.SortedOps$SizedRefSortingSink.end(SortedOps.java:357)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:510)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:499)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:151)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:174)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.forEach(ReferencePipeline.java:596)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunners(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:342)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1363)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1352)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.ImdbApplication.main(ImdbApplication.java:11)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DirectMethodHandleAccessor.invoke(DirectMethodHandleAccessor.java:103)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:580)
	at org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.RestartLauncher.run(RestartLauncher.java:50)
2024-08-28 11:44:20 ERROR f.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbException - Exception occurred
java.lang.Exception: Processing file: src/main/resources/data/acteurs.csv
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbCsvParser.parseFiles(ImdbCsvParser.java:30)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.CsvFileRunner.run(CsvFileRunner.java:31)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunner$5(SpringApplication.java:790)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.acceptWithException(ThrowingConsumer.java:83)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:60)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:88)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:798)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:789)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunners$3(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.accept(ForEachOps.java:184)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.SortedOps$SizedRefSortingSink.end(SortedOps.java:357)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:510)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:499)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:151)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:174)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.forEach(ReferencePipeline.java:596)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunners(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:342)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1363)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1352)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.ImdbApplication.main(ImdbApplication.java:11)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DirectMethodHandleAccessor.invoke(DirectMethodHandleAccessor.java:103)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:580)
	at org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.RestartLauncher.run(RestartLauncher.java:50)
2024-08-28 11:44:20 ERROR f.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbException - Exception occurred
java.lang.Exception: Processing file: src/main/resources/data/castingPrincipal.csv
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbCsvParser.parseFiles(ImdbCsvParser.java:30)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.CsvFileRunner.run(CsvFileRunner.java:31)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunner$5(SpringApplication.java:790)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.acceptWithException(ThrowingConsumer.java:83)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:60)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:88)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:798)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:789)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunners$3(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.accept(ForEachOps.java:184)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.SortedOps$SizedRefSortingSink.end(SortedOps.java:357)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:510)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:499)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:151)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:174)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.forEach(ReferencePipeline.java:596)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunners(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:342)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1363)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1352)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.ImdbApplication.main(ImdbApplication.java:11)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DirectMethodHandleAccessor.invoke(DirectMethodHandleAccessor.java:103)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:580)
	at org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.RestartLauncher.run(RestartLauncher.java:50)
2024-08-28 11:44:20 ERROR f.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbException - Exception occurred
java.lang.Exception: Processing file: src/main/resources/data/films.csv
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbCsvParser.parseFiles(ImdbCsvParser.java:30)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.CsvFileRunner.run(CsvFileRunner.java:31)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunner$5(SpringApplication.java:790)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.acceptWithException(ThrowingConsumer.java:83)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:60)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:88)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:798)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:789)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunners$3(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.accept(ForEachOps.java:184)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.SortedOps$SizedRefSortingSink.end(SortedOps.java:357)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:510)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:499)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:151)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:174)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.forEach(ReferencePipeline.java:596)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunners(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:342)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1363)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1352)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.ImdbApplication.main(ImdbApplication.java:11)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DirectMethodHandleAccessor.invoke(DirectMethodHandleAccessor.java:103)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:580)
	at org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.RestartLauncher.run(RestartLauncher.java:50)
2024-08-28 11:44:20 ERROR f.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbException - Exception occurred
java.lang.Exception: Processing file: src/main/resources/data/pays.csv
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbCsvParser.parseFiles(ImdbCsvParser.java:30)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.CsvFileRunner.run(CsvFileRunner.java:31)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunner$5(SpringApplication.java:790)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.acceptWithException(ThrowingConsumer.java:83)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:60)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:88)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:798)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:789)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunners$3(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.accept(ForEachOps.java:184)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.SortedOps$SizedRefSortingSink.end(SortedOps.java:357)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:510)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:499)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:151)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:174)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.forEach(ReferencePipeline.java:596)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunners(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:342)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1363)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1352)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.ImdbApplication.main(ImdbApplication.java:11)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DirectMethodHandleAccessor.invoke(DirectMethodHandleAccessor.java:103)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:580)
	at org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.RestartLauncher.run(RestartLauncher.java:50)
2024-08-28 11:44:20 ERROR f.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbException - Exception occurred
java.lang.Exception: Processing file: src/main/resources/data/film_realisateurs.csv
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbCsvParser.parseFiles(ImdbCsvParser.java:30)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.CsvFileRunner.run(CsvFileRunner.java:31)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunner$5(SpringApplication.java:790)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.acceptWithException(ThrowingConsumer.java:83)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:60)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:88)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:798)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:789)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunners$3(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.accept(ForEachOps.java:184)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.SortedOps$SizedRefSortingSink.end(SortedOps.java:357)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:510)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:499)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:151)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:174)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.forEach(ReferencePipeline.java:596)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunners(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:342)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1363)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1352)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.ImdbApplication.main(ImdbApplication.java:11)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DirectMethodHandleAccessor.invoke(DirectMethodHandleAccessor.java:103)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:580)
	at org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.RestartLauncher.run(RestartLauncher.java:50)
2024-08-28 11:44:20 ERROR f.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbException - Exception occurred
java.lang.Exception: Processing file: src/main/resources/data/realisateurs.csv
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbCsvParser.parseFiles(ImdbCsvParser.java:30)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.CsvFileRunner.run(CsvFileRunner.java:31)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunner$5(SpringApplication.java:790)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.acceptWithException(ThrowingConsumer.java:83)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:60)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:88)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:798)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:789)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunners$3(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.accept(ForEachOps.java:184)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.SortedOps$SizedRefSortingSink.end(SortedOps.java:357)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:510)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:499)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:151)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:174)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.forEach(ReferencePipeline.java:596)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunners(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:342)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1363)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1352)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.ImdbApplication.main(ImdbApplication.java:11)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DirectMethodHandleAccessor.invoke(DirectMethodHandleAccessor.java:103)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:580)
	at org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.RestartLauncher.run(RestartLauncher.java:50)
2024-08-28 11:44:20 ERROR f.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbException - Exception occurred
java.lang.Exception: Processing file: src/main/resources/data/roles.csv
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbCsvParser.parseFiles(ImdbCsvParser.java:30)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.CsvFileRunner.run(CsvFileRunner.java:31)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunner$5(SpringApplication.java:790)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.acceptWithException(ThrowingConsumer.java:83)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:60)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:88)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:798)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:789)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunners$3(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.accept(ForEachOps.java:184)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.SortedOps$SizedRefSortingSink.end(SortedOps.java:357)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:510)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:499)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:151)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:174)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.forEach(ReferencePipeline.java:596)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunners(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:342)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1363)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1352)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.ImdbApplication.main(ImdbApplication.java:11)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DirectMethodHandleAccessor.invoke(DirectMethodHandleAccessor.java:103)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:580)
	at org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.RestartLauncher.run(RestartLauncher.java:50)
2024-08-28 11:44:52 ERROR f.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbException - Exception occurred
java.lang.Exception: Processing file: src/main/resources/data/acteurs.csv
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbCsvParser.parseFiles(ImdbCsvParser.java:30)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.CsvFileRunner.run(CsvFileRunner.java:31)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunner$5(SpringApplication.java:790)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.acceptWithException(ThrowingConsumer.java:83)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:60)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:88)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:798)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:789)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunners$3(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.accept(ForEachOps.java:184)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.SortedOps$SizedRefSortingSink.end(SortedOps.java:357)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:510)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:499)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:151)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:174)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.forEach(ReferencePipeline.java:596)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunners(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:342)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1363)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1352)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.ImdbApplication.main(ImdbApplication.java:11)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DirectMethodHandleAccessor.invoke(DirectMethodHandleAccessor.java:103)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:580)
	at org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.RestartLauncher.run(RestartLauncher.java:50)
2024-08-28 11:44:52 ERROR f.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbException - Exception occurred
java.lang.Exception: Processing file: src/main/resources/data/castingPrincipal.csv
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbCsvParser.parseFiles(ImdbCsvParser.java:30)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.CsvFileRunner.run(CsvFileRunner.java:31)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunner$5(SpringApplication.java:790)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.acceptWithException(ThrowingConsumer.java:83)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:60)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:88)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:798)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:789)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunners$3(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.accept(ForEachOps.java:184)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.SortedOps$SizedRefSortingSink.end(SortedOps.java:357)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:510)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:499)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:151)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:174)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.forEach(ReferencePipeline.java:596)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunners(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:342)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1363)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1352)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.ImdbApplication.main(ImdbApplication.java:11)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DirectMethodHandleAccessor.invoke(DirectMethodHandleAccessor.java:103)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:580)
	at org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.RestartLauncher.run(RestartLauncher.java:50)
2024-08-28 11:44:52 ERROR f.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbException - Exception occurred
java.lang.Exception: Processing file: src/main/resources/data/films.csv
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbCsvParser.parseFiles(ImdbCsvParser.java:30)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.CsvFileRunner.run(CsvFileRunner.java:31)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunner$5(SpringApplication.java:790)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.acceptWithException(ThrowingConsumer.java:83)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:60)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:88)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:798)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:789)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunners$3(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.accept(ForEachOps.java:184)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.SortedOps$SizedRefSortingSink.end(SortedOps.java:357)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:510)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:499)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:151)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:174)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.forEach(ReferencePipeline.java:596)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunners(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:342)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1363)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1352)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.ImdbApplication.main(ImdbApplication.java:11)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DirectMethodHandleAccessor.invoke(DirectMethodHandleAccessor.java:103)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:580)
	at org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.RestartLauncher.run(RestartLauncher.java:50)
2024-08-28 11:44:52 ERROR f.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbException - Exception occurred
java.lang.Exception: Processing file: src/main/resources/data/pays.csv
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbCsvParser.parseFiles(ImdbCsvParser.java:30)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.CsvFileRunner.run(CsvFileRunner.java:31)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunner$5(SpringApplication.java:790)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.acceptWithException(ThrowingConsumer.java:83)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:60)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:88)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:798)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:789)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunners$3(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.accept(ForEachOps.java:184)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.SortedOps$SizedRefSortingSink.end(SortedOps.java:357)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:510)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:499)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:151)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:174)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.forEach(ReferencePipeline.java:596)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunners(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:342)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1363)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1352)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.ImdbApplication.main(ImdbApplication.java:11)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DirectMethodHandleAccessor.invoke(DirectMethodHandleAccessor.java:103)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:580)
	at org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.RestartLauncher.run(RestartLauncher.java:50)
2024-08-28 11:44:52 ERROR f.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbException - Exception occurred
java.lang.Exception: Processing file: src/main/resources/data/film_realisateurs.csv
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbCsvParser.parseFiles(ImdbCsvParser.java:30)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.CsvFileRunner.run(CsvFileRunner.java:31)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunner$5(SpringApplication.java:790)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.acceptWithException(ThrowingConsumer.java:83)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:60)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:88)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:798)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:789)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunners$3(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.accept(ForEachOps.java:184)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.SortedOps$SizedRefSortingSink.end(SortedOps.java:357)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:510)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:499)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:151)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:174)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.forEach(ReferencePipeline.java:596)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunners(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:342)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1363)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1352)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.ImdbApplication.main(ImdbApplication.java:11)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DirectMethodHandleAccessor.invoke(DirectMethodHandleAccessor.java:103)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:580)
	at org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.RestartLauncher.run(RestartLauncher.java:50)
2024-08-28 11:44:52 ERROR f.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbException - Exception occurred
java.lang.Exception: Processing file: src/main/resources/data/realisateurs.csv
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbCsvParser.parseFiles(ImdbCsvParser.java:30)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.CsvFileRunner.run(CsvFileRunner.java:31)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunner$5(SpringApplication.java:790)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.acceptWithException(ThrowingConsumer.java:83)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:60)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:88)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:798)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:789)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunners$3(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.accept(ForEachOps.java:184)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.SortedOps$SizedRefSortingSink.end(SortedOps.java:357)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:510)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:499)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:151)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:174)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.forEach(ReferencePipeline.java:596)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunners(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:342)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1363)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1352)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.ImdbApplication.main(ImdbApplication.java:11)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DirectMethodHandleAccessor.invoke(DirectMethodHandleAccessor.java:103)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:580)
	at org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.RestartLauncher.run(RestartLauncher.java:50)
2024-08-28 11:44:52 ERROR f.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbException - Exception occurred
java.lang.Exception: Processing file: src/main/resources/data/roles.csv
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.ImdbCsvParser.parseFiles(ImdbCsvParser.java:30)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.utils.CsvFileRunner.run(CsvFileRunner.java:31)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunner$5(SpringApplication.java:790)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.acceptWithException(ThrowingConsumer.java:83)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:60)
	at org.springframework.util.function.ThrowingConsumer$1.accept(ThrowingConsumer.java:88)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:798)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunner(SpringApplication.java:789)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.lambda$callRunners$3(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.accept(ForEachOps.java:184)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.SortedOps$SizedRefSortingSink.end(SortedOps.java:357)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.copyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:510)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.wrapAndCopyInto(AbstractPipeline.java:499)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:151)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ForEachOps$ForEachOp$OfRef.evaluateSequential(ForEachOps.java:174)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.AbstractPipeline.evaluate(AbstractPipeline.java:234)
	at java.base/java.util.stream.ReferencePipeline.forEach(ReferencePipeline.java:596)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.callRunners(SpringApplication.java:774)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:342)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1363)
	at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1352)
	at fr.diginamic.imdb.ImdbApplication.main(ImdbApplication.java:11)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DirectMethodHandleAccessor.invoke(DirectMethodHandleAccessor.java:103)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:580)
	at org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.RestartLauncher.run(RestartLauncher.java:50)
